Glt 4710 populate sop data from runscanner (#3252)
miso-lims/miso-lims: changes/add_consumableValueRun.md

> Sop field values can be automatically filled to MISO run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run SOP field values can be automatically filled based on data from Run Scanner
```
